feat(changelog): containers-fixed-serverless-containers-cpu-usage-fix 2024-06-17 (#3323)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/june2024/2024-06-17-containers-fixed-serverless-contaienrs-cpu-usage-fix.mdx

---

> title: Serverless Contaienrs CPU usage fix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Serverless Containers CPU usage fix
```

status: fixed
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-containers channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-06-17
category: serverless
product: containers
---

> In metrics dashboard for Serverless Containers sometimes the CPU usage was over 100% and showing wrong values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the CPU usage metrics sometimes exceeded 100%, displaying incorrect values.
```
